By the way, everybody, if you're
following along, you really do want to
kind of make sure you have the same
experience I'm gonna have.
And so I want you to try to make
a get into its default kinda setting.
So if you've set an initial branch,
you may want to turn that off for now.
You can tell by just taking this command,
copying and going to the command line and
putting it in.
I have one right there, so
I'm gonna do the same thing, and
I'm just gonna go like this, unset.
And so now, there's nothing there.
And so I have the commands
right here on the screen,
please unset any init.defaultBranch.
You don't have to, but
we're gonna be setting it along the way.
Also, if you have rerere.enabled,
it'd be good if you don't
have rerere.enabled for this.
Because if you do,
you'll kind of miss out on some of
the reasons why git is kinda fantastic.
So awesome, now that we have this,
we can keep on going.
So everybody, hopefully, you have all of
your default settings properly set up,
well, it's time to get good, okay?
I'm ready to get good, hopefully you are.
So how things will be structured?
Every section's gonna come with some
kinda question and answer part,
where I'll say, hey, here's a thing.
And then you're gonna look at the thing,
and hopefully, you'll internalize it.
Then I'll ask you a question like,
all right, let's stage the files.
And if I use these terms, hopefully
you remember what they all mean, and
then you're gonna be able
to do it fantastically.
You guys will all be awesome, and
everyone will get a promotion
when they're done here.
Before we begin,
you want to configure your git experience.
This is that one thing you do when
you first set up your computer, and
that you've completely
forgotten how it works.
You just know you did it at some
point in your lifetime, and
now we're gonna do it again.
git config is a lot like
JavaScript's Object.assign,
you have your globalConfig,
which should be for every single project.
And then you can have your
specific project level config.
So maybe in one project, I only wanna
use rebase, and another project,
I don't want to use it.
Maybe in one project,
I wanna have it under my personal name,
whereas I want all my projects
to be under, say, my work email.
And so you can kind of set them up
individually so you don't goof it up.
It's very, very nice.
So some key facts, all git keys
are in the shape of <section>.<key>,
is really important to remember.
Cuz if you don't remember that,
you'll get these weird errors, and
they'll feel kind of arcane.
Remember, <section>.<key> is
the key to any git config.
global means it's for
all projects, user.name and
user.email are the keys used
in helping create a commit.
So when future you looks in the past and
tries to do a git blame,
who do they see other than yourself?
Well, it's driven by these two things
right here, user.name and user.email.
So to add something to your config,
you do git config add,
then you can do global and
the key and a value.
So just like you just think
of it like a hash map, right,
it's pretty straightforward.
You can view anything with git
config -get and then the key name.
All right, so pretty straightforward.
So very first problem, make sure you
have your user.name and your user.email.
If you don't already have those values,
it'll be very, very nice to do that.
All right, quick solution, there you go.
Here's me adding my user.name and
my user.email.
So hopefully everybody else has that.
Just to make sure I have that, I'll just
copy these right now, throw them in there.
Bada bing, bada boom, I got my git
config user.name and user.email,
the.primeagen@aol.com.
Great email right there.